Add Deprecated status to SEP Process (#388)
stellar/stellar-protocol: ecosystem/README.md

  and it requires approval by 2 SDF members of the SEP Team.

## SEP Status Terms

> * **Deprecated** - A SEP that was previously on an active track but has been deprecated and is no longer suggested for use. There may be legacy usage of a deprecated SEP.

Reviewer: I think we should move this into the `Additional Statuses` section. The statuses in the `SEP Status Terms` section are for proposals that are accepted or on track for being accepted. The statuses in the `Additional Statuses` appear to be for proposals that are no longer in use, which a deprecated proposal is more related.

Reviewer 2: I agree: this should move to `Additional Statuses`.  The current `Status Terms` list is in order of evolution from Draft through Final.

  * If the SEP requires active maintenance, such as having an open schema, it should be marked at
    `Active`.
  * Otherwise, the SEP should be marked as `Final`.
  
### Regression

> * It is possible for a SEP to move from `Active` to `Draft` or `Deprecated` if it is never adopted, or is abandoned by the community.

Reviewer: A `Draft` proposal should probably move to `Rejected` rather than `Deprecated`. Otherwise there's not much distinction between the two?

Reviewer: Oh, I misread the sentence. It's saying that `Active` can move to `Draft`/`Deprecated`, not that `Active`/`Draft` can move to `Deprecated`. Sorry!

Author: Yeah i'm not so sold on this sentence. I want to be able to move back to `draft` because there are some seps that seemingly would be useful in the future so i don't want to put them in a rejected status

Reviewer: Maybe break it up into two statements.
```suggestion
* It is possible for a SEP to move from `Active` to `Draft` if it is not adopted and it needs further work.
* It is possible for a SEP to move from `Active` to `Deprecated` if it is never adopted and abandoned.
```
